hey guys I'm the gaming squid and I'm
gonna be talking to you guys a little
bit about today about my cinch Gaming
sponsorship and I'm gonna be teaching
you guys exactly how you guys can get a
sponsorship by Cinch gaming and what is
the outcome for the sponsorship and what
you guys can all do well before we get
into the video make sure you guys smash
the like button and subscribe if you
guys are really new I'd like to see all
the new guys who like to come and
subscribe organ stuff is pretty fast
guys I like to see that stuff
I like to see all you guys's comments
like questions and stuff so if you guys
have any good questions or anything that
I will be happy to answer your questions
in a video or anything like that and
I'll make sure to give you guys a shout
out in the video so make sure you guys
comment some really good questions but
let's officially get into the video okay
so what I'm gonna be talking to you guys
about is my cinch gaming sponsorship so
my cinch Gaming sponsorship was a
application you fill out and if you guys
if they feel like they like you enough
they will accept it if they don't accept
that that I'm sorry you can't really do
anything about that but most likely they
will accept you and then after about a
one day or so you'll get the option
option to make your 10% code you make
your 10% code whatever you want if and
what will the outcome be for using that
10% code so mostly on cinch gaming if
you guys don't know what it is you guys
are gonna be able to buy new controller
so if any of you guys are looking to buy
a new controller you guys would use my
code gaming squid for 10% off it once
you'd use my code and you get 10% off so
say the controllers 110 bucks
it will move 11 bucks a waste and then
making the controller only 99 so it's
gonna be pretty legit if you guys pretty
much get what you guys want because
there's some cool controllers there's
certain ones for a lot more money if you
want like a really dope one you can buy
it for like more than 80 and then you'll
be able to get 18 bucks off which is
actually pretty good because now you're
on the pen 160 so if you had a really
cool controller that you really wanted
to buy you found that you've been saving
up and now you have enough money but you
wanna you don't want to pay a lot much
then just use my code gaming squid for
10%
off and you'll be able to save some
extra money but since gaming yeah like I
was saying essentially mning is pretty
much a controller based company that's
why the logo is a controller so pretty
much once you get signed in and you
apply wait about one or two two days and
they'll message you back saying oh boom
you got the sponsorship or something and
that's what happened to me I was happy I
was flipping out because it was my this
was my second sponsorship and a week so
I was really happy I got my sponsorship
so those were pretty legit and I'm
really happy I got those so um pretty
much all you guys gotta do is get people
to use your code like I'm gonna have my
code so if any of you guys are looking
for controllers you guys can always use
my code links will be in the description
to get any of the supplies I'm trying to
help people with and you guys can use my
codes for 10% off and make sure you guys
sign up on loot crate but you don't even
have to be sponsored by loot crate you
guys gonna use my link and stuff like
that so anyways we'll get some free
money so close stuff like that can
always happen and sponsorships and stuff
I'll be making a cool sponsorships for
small gamers and stuff like that so I'll
be helping you guys out in a video but
make sure you guys like and subscribe if
you guys are new and make sure you guys
comment some questions so I can do some
dope q and A's I will have those coming
out really soon I think in the next
couple weeks I will be having Q&A is
come out and cool stuff like that I'll
be having Call of Duty hacks so if you
guys have any questions about anything
make sure you guys comment that down
below thank you guys so much for
watching it like I said if you guys want
to buy any of the stuff that make sure
you guys use my code 10% off a sinch
gaming other than that guys peace out